Position.lua: site/adv world coords (#1292)
DFHack/scripts: docs/position.rst

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Report cursor and mouse position, along with other info.
    :tags: adventure fort inspection map

This tool reports the current date, clock time, month, season, and historical
era. It also reports the keyboard cursor position (or just the z-level if no
active cursor), window size, and mouse location on the screen. If a site is

> loaded, it prints the world coordinates of the site, else the world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
loaded, it prints the world coordinates of the site. If not, it prints the world
```
